Welcome back everybody.
To part two tables quiz.
So you've actually learned enough in the previous lecture to get some practice creating your own tables.
I want you to open the TXI tea or textfile inside of the HMO level 2 folder called part to underscore
table underscore quiz Dot T x t and there are some instructions there that we're going to be exploring
right now.
But basically for this exercise you're going to be recreating a table based off the information provided
in that text file.
Let's take a quick look at that text file and then show you an example of what the end result will look
like.
I'm going to jump to the Adam text editor now.
All right so I opened up that table quiz thought textfile here and basically we're going to be doing
is using the following information to make a table about country GDP.
And it says pop quiz here but I kind of warned you about this already so it's not really a totally pop
quiz all the source for this data is from this wikipedia link on the list of countries by GDP and what
it wants you to do is make a table of a team consisting of three main columns the country name or country
flags.
Will be an image and then GDP in millions of U.S. dollars and your table will have three rows and you'll
use the information below to attribute it to the cells correctly.
So you have United States as the first countries name.
You have a link for the U.S. flags you can see here I have the Wikipedia link to an image of that flag.
And then the actual number for GDP which is here 18 million.
If I succeed 1930 then we have India and I'll have the Indian flag as a link there.
And then their GDP.
And then we have the United Kingdom the U.K. flag which has a link here.
And then there are GDP from issue very quickly what the final result you'll be creating actually looks
like.
And here have opened what the basic final result will look like.
Notice that I've created a border.
We have those three columns of country name country flag GDP and millions of U.S. dollars.
And then we have those three rows and that's basically all there is to it.
As far as what you're going to be creating So try your best just based off of this text file and the
information here to open up a brand new HVM l file and recreate this table that looks like this.
So three rows three columns the a little bit of a tricky part that we haven't shown yet is how to actually
insert an image here but it shouldn't be too different than what we've done before.
In fact you should already know how to do it based on everything we've covered.
So definitely take your time explore reference Google if you need it.
But coming up next is going to be the walk through solutions to this exercise.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.